{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue51;
\red245\green247\blue251;\red26\green29\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c21961\c22745\c25882;
\cssrgb\c96863\c97647\c98824;\cssrgb\c13725\c15294\c18039;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl950\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs88 \cf2 \cb3 Project Description\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 You work at a startup that sells food products. You need to investigate user behavior for the company's app.\cb1 \
\cb3 First study the sales funnel. Find out how users reach the purchase stage. How many users actually make it to this stage? How many get stuck at previous stages? Which stages in particular?\cb1 \
\cb3 Then look at the results of an A/A/B test. (Read on for more information about A/A/B testing.) The designers would like to change the fonts for the entire app, but the managers are afraid the users might find the new design intimidating. They decide to make a decision based on the results of an A/A/B test.\cb1 \
\cb3 The users are split into three groups: two control groups get the old fonts and one test group gets the new ones. Find out which set of fonts produces better results.\cb1 \
\cb3 Creating two A groups has certain advantages. We can make it a principle that we will only be confident in the accuracy of our testing when the two control groups are similar. If there are significant differences between the A groups, this can help us uncover factors that may be distorting the results. Comparing control groups also tells us how much time and data we'll need when running further tests.\cb1 \
\cb3 You'll be using the same dataset for general analytics and for A/A/B analysis. In real projects, experiments are constantly being conducted. Analysts study the quality of an app using general data, without paying attention to whether users are participating in experiments.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Description of the data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Each log entry is a user action or an event.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl535\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 EventName
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\'97 event name\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 DeviceIDHash
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\'97 unique user identifier\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 EventTimestamp
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\'97 event time\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl535\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 ExpId
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\'97 experiment number: 246 and 247 are the control groups, 248 is the test group\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Instructions for completing the project\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Step 1. Open the data file and read the general information
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 File path:\'a0
\f3\i\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 /datasets/logs_exp_us.csv
\f0\i0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/logs_exp_us.csv"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 Download dataset}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Step 2. Prepare the data for analysis
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rename the columns in a way that's convenient for you\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Check for missing values and data types. Correct the data if needed\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add a date and time column and a separate column for dates\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Step 3. Study and check the data
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How many events are in the logs?\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How many users are in the logs?\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What's the average number of events per user?\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What period of time does the data cover? Find the maximum and the minimum date. Plot a histogram by date and time. Can you be sure that you have equally complete data for the entire period? Older events could end up in some users' logs for technical reasons, and this could skew the overall picture. Find the moment at which the data starts to be complete and ignore the earlier section. What period does the data actually represent?\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Did you lose many events and users when excluding the older data?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Make sure you have users from all three experimental groups.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Step 4. Study the event funnel
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 See what events are in the logs and their frequency of occurrence. Sort them by frequency.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Find the number of users who performed each of these actions. Sort the events by the number of users. Calculate the proportion of users who performed the action at least once.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In what order do you think the actions took place. Are all of them part of a single sequence? You don't need to take them into account when calculating the funnel.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use the event funnel to find the share of users that proceed from each stage to the next. (For instance, for the sequence of events A \uc0\u8594  B \u8594  C, calculate the ratio of users at stage B to the number of users at stage A and the ratio of users at stage C to the number at stage B.)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 At what stage do you lose the most users?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What share of users make the entire journey from their first event to payment?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Step 5. Study the results of the experiment
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How many users are there in each group?\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We have two control groups in the A/A test, where we check our mechanisms and calculations. See if there is a statistically significant difference between samples 246 and 247.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Select the most popular event. In each of the control groups, find the number of users who performed this action. Find their share. Check whether the difference between the groups is statistically significant. Repeat the procedure for all other events (it will save time if you create a special function for this test). Can you confirm that the groups were split properly?\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Do the same thing for the group with altered fonts. Compare the results with those of each of the control groups for each event in isolation. Compare the results with the combined results for the control groups. What conclusions can you draw from the experiment?\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What significance level have you set to test the statistical hypotheses mentioned above? Calculate how many statistical hypothesis tests you carried out. With a statistical significance level of 0.1, one in 10 results could be false. What should the significance level be? If you want to change it, run through the previous steps again and check your conclusions.\cb1 \
}